now guys guess what it's story time
please today's story is the house that
Jack built you ready here we go
this is the house that Jack built this
is the malt that lay in the house that
Jack built
this is the rat that ate the malt that
lay in the house that Jack built
this is the cat that killed the rat that
ate the malt that lay in the house that
Jack built
this is the dog that worried the cat
that killed the rat that ate the malt
that lay in the house that Jack built
this is the cow with the crumpled horn
that tossed the dog that worried the cat
that killed the rat that ate the mold
but lay in the house that Jack built
this is the maiden all forlorn that
milked the cow with the crumpled horn
that tossed the dog that worried the cat
that killed the rat that ate the malt
that lay in the house that Jack built
this is the man all tattered and torn
that kissed the maiden all forlorn that
milked the cow with the crumpled horn
that tossed the dog that worried the cat
that killed the rat that ate the malt
that lay in the house that Jack built
this is the priest all shaven and shorn
that married the man all tattered and
torn that kissed the maiden all forlorn
that milked the cow with the crumpled
horn that tossed the dog that worried
the cat that killed the rat that ate the
malt that lay in the house that Jack
built
this is the the crowed in the morn
that weights the priest all shaven and
shorn that married the man all tattered
and torn that kissed the maiden all
forlorn that milked the cow with the
crumpled horn that tossed the dog that
worried the cat that killed the rat that
ate the malt that lay in the house that
Jack built
this is the farmer sowing the core the
kept the the crowed in the morn but
wait the priest all shaven ensure that
married the man all tattered and torn
that kissed the maiden all forlorn that
milked the cow with the crumpled horn
that tossed the dog that worried the cat
that killed the rat that ate the malt
that lay in the house that Jack built
that was this week's story the house
that Jack built and tune in next week
when we have Emma says oops it's a very
funny story and of course it'll have our
usual much-loved sound effects